Now that you've decided to go
I can't stop you.
I was just thinking
How can I get you back safely?
You shouldn't have been lazy because your mood was affected a while ago
If only gunpowder could be developed
I went to war
Why do you need to help me comfort?
Ah!
Don't worry, I was in the military camp when I was a teenager
However, the three gangs of Salvation Pavilion, Xiao Guo Laifa
Otherwise, give me mine.
OK
Ah, how will the stupid one be in charge of the harem in the future?
Only by embroidery can you rule the harem
Then you can go to the embroidery girl.
What are you talking about?
I'm not deaf yet
Mother surname Yang
I'll entrust it to you.
Let me have no worries ahead
Turns out I care more than I thought
Even though Su Linfeng has promised many times that he will return safely
I'm still so lost
Report to the Queen Mother
The plague spreads in Bailing County
The people are trapped in the city and lack a way to survive
Even start to die with one son
Empress Dowager Berlin looks like a plague if people don't care
Closing the city gates is also ineffective
I'll go, star friend, you
The emperor is marching for his people
The people in Bailing County are the same
I will join him in protecting his people